feat: Update Hugo and PR template guidance (#894)
nginx/documentation: .github/pull_request_template.md

### Proposed changes

[//]: # "Write a clear and concise description of what the pull request changes."
[//]: # "You can use our Commit messages guidance for this."
[//]: # "https://github.com/nginx/documentation/blob/main/documentation/git-conventions.md#commit-messages"

[//]: # "First, explain what was changed, and why. This should be most of the detail."
[//]: # "Then how the changes were made, such as referring to existing styles and conventions."
[//]: # "Finish by noting anything beyond the scope of the PR changes that may be affected."

[//]: # "Include information on testing if relevant and non-obvious from the deployment preview."
[//]: # "For expediency, you can use screenshots to show small before and after examples."

[//]: # "If the changes were defined by a GitHub issue, reference it using keywords."
[//]: # "https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/using-keywords-in-issues-and-pull-requests"

> [//]: # "DO NOT LINK TO ANY INTERNAL, NON-PUBLIC RESOURCES. THIS INCLUDES BOTH INTERNAL REPOSITORY ISSUES OR ANYTHING IN AN INTRANET."

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is necessary. I think it's understood that even open source companies -- with a public roadmap -- have internal discussions. While at other open source companies, I've marked links as "internal"

Reviewer: Or, based on an INTERNAL discussion:

```suggestion
[//]: # SECURITY ISSUE: Do NOT add links to internal, non-public resources. This includes both internal reposiotyr issues or anything in the F5 intranet. However, it is OK to refer to internal discussions, without links.".
```

Reviewer: > Giving an internal resource as context for changes is efficient for time but not effective for communication. I solve this for my work by adding or extrapolating relevant details into a public-facing issue or as part of the commit description.

I hear you, but that can lead to two "sources of truth" for discussions. Almost by definition, it's at best difficult to make the same points publicly and privately.

Reviewer: Alternative thought: 
- Point internal authors to the internal repositories, where they can (safely) link to internal discussions

Author: > I hear you, but that can lead to two "sources of truth" for discussions. Almost by definition, it's at best difficult to make the same points publicly and privately.

To an extent, the only real source of truth is what the thing actually does, not what anyone claims or thinks it should, but beyond philosophical pedantry, I treat issues as the source of truth and the git codebase as the enactment of any changes specified by them.

That's part of the definition of done for acceptance criteria and reviews: that the work accurately reflects the intent. If the issue is not a source of truth, then there was not sufficient research or information was captured erroneously.   

I think the proposed security-leaning suggestion is needlessly elongating the directive by justifying it: the original change simply says not to link any internal resources. It does not specify you cannot refer to them.

Explicitly listing everything you can or cannot or should or should not do is precisely how the Checklist became long enough in the first place to warrant change: it's noise.

### Proposed changes

[//]: # "Write a clear and concise description of what the pull request changes."
[//]: # "You can use our Commit messages guidance for this."
[//]: # "https://github.com/nginx/documentation/blob/main/documentation/git-conventions.md#commit-messages"

[//]: # "First, explain what was changed, and why. This should be most of the detail."
[//]: # "Then how the changes were made, such as referring to existing styles and conventions."
[//]: # "Finish by noting anything beyond the scope of the PR changes that may be affected."

[//]: # "Include information on testing if relevant and non-obvious from the deployment preview."
[//]: # "For expediency, you can use screenshots to show small before and after examples."

[//]: # "If the changes were defined by a GitHub issue, reference it using keywords."
[//]: # "https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/using-keywords-in-issues-and-pull-requests"

> [//]: # "DO NOT LINK TO ANY INTERNAL, NON-PUBLIC RESOURCES. THIS INCLUDES INTERNAL REPOSITORY ISSUES OR ANYTHING IN AN INTRANET."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[//]: # "Do NOT link to any internal non-public resources. This includes internal repository issues, PRs, or anything on the F5 or NGINX intranet."
```
